CAVALENI TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY

PLEASE REVIEW THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY.



Introduction & Agreement

This website (“Site”) is owned by Cavaleni(Pty) Limited ("the Company" / “us” / “we”).Cavaleni means online store(Pty) Ltd (Registration number: 19911971/010815/07), trading as Massdiscounters, a private company with limited liability duly incorporated in the Republic of Zambia. The Site incorporates the cavaleni Online Site(s) and, except where the context otherwise indicates, references to "the Site" include the cavaleni Online Site(s). The Site promotes the sale of the Company’s products as well as other products (collectively "the Products").

By shopping or browsing on this Site, you:
 
represent and warrant that you have read and understood these terms and conditions as well as the policies displayed on this Site; and
agree to be bound by these terms and conditions as well as the policies (collectively “the Agreement”).

PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS SITE IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY, THIS AGREEMENT.

Product Pricing & Availability

The Products displayed on this Site are subject to availability, and are valid and effective only in store, in local country currency. The Company reserves the right, without prior notice, to discontinue or change pricing or specifications on Products and services offered on this Site without incurring any liability whatsoever.

Colours

We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colours of the Products that appear on the Site. As the actual colours you see will depend on your computer’s monitor we cannot guarantee, however, that your monitor's display of any colour will be accurate. Intellectual Property

All intellectual property rights, including copyright, in all materials, including trademarks, logos, photographs, images, text and other graphics which form part of the Site are owned by the Company alternatively the Company is the lawful user thereof. Such rights are protected by both South African and international intellectual property laws. All data and information communicated to or from the Site and/or any Site information as well as the database is the sole property of the Company.

The Company grants you permission to view, electronically copy and print portions of the Site for the sole purpose of placing an order with the Company for any of the Products.
Any use of materials on the Site other than for the purpose noted above including, without limitation, the unauthorised submission, removal, modification, dissemination, copying or distribution of copyrighted or other proprietary content, without the prior written consent of the Company and/or the lawful trademark and/or copyright owner (if applicable), is prohibited and constitutes an unlawful infringement of the intellectual property rights of the Company and/or such trademark and/or copyright owner.

Trademarks

"Game", “Win With Game”, the Game Logo as well as the Company logo and all other marks, logos and trade names appearing on this Site are trademarks of either the Company, its holding company or affiliatesin Africa, or of third parties who have authorised the Company to display such trademarks on the Site. Nothing contained on this Site should be construed as granting, by implication or otherwise, any license or right to use any of the trademarks displayed on this Site without the express prior written consent of the Company. Your use of any of the trademarks displayed on the Site or in any of its contents is strictly prohibited. You may not copy, reproduce, publish, upload, post, transmit, distribute or modify any of the trademarks appearing on this Site. You further undertake not to infringe any right of the Company or trademark owners in respect of such trademarks. The use of the trademarks on any other website or networked computer environment is prohibited.

Unlawful use

You shall not use this Site to send or post any message or material that is unlawful, harassing, defamatory, abusive, threatening, obscene, sexually orientated, racially offensive, profane or which violates any applicable law and you hereby indemnify the Company against any loss, liability, damage or expense of whatever nature which the Company or any third party may suffer and which is caused by or attributable to, whether directly or indirectly, your use of the Site.

Links & Advertising

No person, business or other website may link to any page on this Site without the prior written permission of the Company.
External hyperlinks may be provided on the Site, but such links are beyond the Company’s control. You shall not interpret the provision of such hyperlinks as constituting any relationship between the Company and any linked third party, nor as an endorsement by the Company of such third party. Hyperlinks provided on this Site to other websites are provided as is and the Company does not necessarily agree with, edit or sponsor the content of such websites. The use of, or reliance placed by you on any external links provided on the Site is entirely at your own risk.

Any advertising and other promotional material that may be displayed on the Site from time to time shall not be interpreted as constituting any relationship between the Company and any third party placing such advertising or promotional material on the Site, nor as an endorsement by the Company of such third party. Any use of, or reliance placed by you on such material is entirely at your own risk.

Disclaimers and Exclusions of Liability

You expressly agree that use of the Site is entirely at your own risk. The Site and its contents are provided on an ‘as is’ and ‘as available’ basis and has not been compiled to meet individual requirements. It is your responsibility to satisfy yourself, prior to entering into this Agreement, that the service available from and through this Site meets your requirements, and is compatible with the hardware and/or software used by you.

The Company makes no representations nor gives warranties of any kind, whether express or implied including, without limitation, with respect to the Site, its contents, the accuracy thereof or any warranties or representations regarding the effectiveness of any security or encryption facilities or with regard to the availability of Products and/or delivery arrangements and times.

The Company disclaims all representations and warranties including, but not limited to, warranties as to the availability, accuracy or content of information, Products or services, and warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose of information, goods or services.

The Company does not warrant that the functions provided by the Site will be uninterrupted or error free, or that the Site or the server that makes it available are free from viruses or other harmful components. Save as expressly set out herein, the Company shall under no circumstances whatsoever be liable to you, including without limitation, as a result of or in connection with the Company’s negligent acts or omissions or those of their employees, agents, representatives, sub-contractors or other persons for whom in law they may be liable (in whose favour this constitutes a contract or undertaking for their benefit), for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever or howsoever caused (and whether arising under contract, delict or otherwise), sustained by either you, the recipient of the Products or services or any other person arising from or as a result of any sale concluded in terms of this Agreement, the delivery, non-delivery, incorrect, erroneous or late delivery, the use or possession of the Products or services.

The Company, its directors, employers, sub-contractors, agents, representatives, affiliates and suppliers shall not be liable for any loss, damage (whether direct, indirect or consequential) or expense of any nature whatsoever which may be suffered as a result of or which may be attributable, directly or indirectly, to the use of or reliance upon the Site (including any information contained thereon) or the Internet. You hereby indemnify the Company from and against any loss or damage suffered or liability incurred including, without limitation, in respect of any claim or demand by any third party by reason of any act or omission on your part or that of any family member, agent or representative acting on your behalf in connection with transactions concluded on the Site and/or in terms of this Agreement and/or in relation to the receipt of Products or services supplied by the Company pursuant to any such order.

Notwithstanding any other provisions contained herein, the Company's liability whether in contract or delict arising from any breach of any obligation in terms of this Agreement, negligence or otherwise shall not exceed at any time the value of the Product(s) in respect of which any such dispute or claim arises.By accessing this Site you warrant and represent to the Company that you are legally entitled to purchase the Products and that all the details you have provided are true and complete. Information, ideas and opinions expressed on this Site should not be regarded as professional advice or the official opinion of the Company. You should consult professional advice before taking any course of action related to information, ideas or opinions expressed on this Site.
 
Security

You agree and warrant that your user name and password shall be used for your personal use only and shall not be disclosed to any third party. You agree that the Company shall be entitled, at all times, to take all reasonable steps to ensure the integrity and security of the Site, including associated applications.The content contained on the Site may be used by you for your own personal shopping and information purposes only. In using the Site you warrant that you shall not infect it with any computer programming (such as a virus) that may damage, interfere with, delay or intercept any data or information on the Site and you hereby indemnify the Company for any damage caused by any act attributable to you. Any person that delivers or attempts to deliver any damaging code to this Site or attempts to gain unauthorised access to any page shall be prosecuted.

General Terms

The Company may, in its sole discretion, suspend or terminate the operation of the Site at any time without prior notice to you and without the need to give you reasons for such termination or suspension.

We may change the terms of this Agreement from time to time without notice to you. Any amendments will take effect immediately on posting of the amendments on the Site. You shall be deemed to have accepted any changed terms should you continue to use the Site.

If any provision of this Agreement is unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this Agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms.

This Agreement constitutes the whole agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof. Any indulgence of extension of time granted by the Company to you shall not be construed as a waiver or variation of any of our rights or remedies.

At the option of the Company, any dispute arising out of the Agreement may be brought in any Magistrates' Court of competent jurisdiction notwithstanding that the amount in issue may exceed the jurisdiction of such court.

The Site is hosted and managed in the Republic of South Africa and this Agreement is accordingly governed by the laws of the Republic of South Africa.

Any dispute of any nature whatsoever arising between the parties on any matter provided for in, or arising out of this Agreement, may be submitted to confidential arbitration in Durban, South Africa in terms of the expedited rules of the Arbitration Foundation of Southern Africa.

The Company chooses its domicilium citandi et executandi for all purposes under this
Agreement, whether in respect of court process, notice, or other documents at 11th Floor, North Tower, Liberty Towers, 214 Samora Machel Street, Durban, 4001 and marked for the attention of the Financial Director

General Information

The Company’s:registration number is 1991/00680507
directors details may be located here
registered office address is 11th Floor, North Tower, Liberty Towers, 214 Samora Machel Street, Durban, 4001.
website address is: www.massmart.co.za
email address is: info@massmart.co.za

Electronic Communications

When you use or visit this Site, or send electronic communications to the Site including, without limitation, e-mails or place orders for Products, you:consent to receiving communications from the Company electronically;
agree that all notices, disclosures and other communications sent by the Company, including this Agreement, satisfies any legal requirements, including but not limited, to the requirement that such communications should be ‘in writing’;
agree that the Company may use your information to contact you about promotions and special offers if you have indicated during registration that you would like to receive such information. You are entitled, at any stage, to opt out of this service. We shall not sell or rent information about you including, without limitation, your name, identity number, address, email address and contact telephone number (“personal information”) to any third parties; and
agree that the Company may disclose your personal information in response to a specific request by a law enforcement agency, subpoena, court order, or as otherwise required by law, e.g. for accounting purposes.


On Line Registration


To register to receive newsletters, enter competitions, you will be required to provide us with your personal information including identity number,  to enable us to verify who you are.

You may also be required to choose a user name and a password. Please keep your password secret. The Company accepts no liability for any damages suffered or losses incurred as a result of the misuse or loss of your password. In this regard you represent and warrant that your user name and password shall:be used for personal use only; and
not be disclosed to any third party.
You may be required to enter your username and password each time you want to login  to  the Game Online Site. Should you want to review and/or change any of your particulars please go to ‘My Account’.

Security

The Company will endeavour to ensure that your personal information and details are protected as they travel over the Internet. Given the current state of Internet technology however, there is no guaranteed secure transmission of data over the Internet. Therefore the Company cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information you transmit to us or which the Company transmits to you.

For further information please refer to the Security Policy.

Pricing

Subject to availability, the price you pay for Products will be the price shown on the Game Online Site on the date that you pay for such Products. The prices are valid for online, and pricing may differ in store.
Special promotions may be subject to certain conditions, including stock availability and limited offer stipulations. Special promotions may be available in selected stores, these are stipulated on the promotional leaflets.

The price of each Product is the price displayed on the Game Online Site. In the event of a Product being on special, this price will be displayed. All prices are quoted in local country currency and include VAT at the country rate unless otherwise stipulated. 

Whilst all precautions are taken by the Company to provide correct pricing on this Site, in the event that an error does occur, the Company will not be obliged to provide you with the affected Product at such incorrect price. 